
Creating a README file for a C++ code implementation involves providing information about 
the project, its structure, usage, and any other relevant details. Below is a template for a 
README file specifically tailored for a C++ telehealth system implementation. You can customize 
it based on the specifics of your project.

Telehealth System Implementation in C++
Table of Contents
Overview
Project Structure
Components
Usage
Contributing
License
Overview
This C++ project implements a basic telehealth system with various components that interact to provide telehealth functionalities. The system includes a user interface, a telehealth application, a nurse line service, a database, communication and security modules, external system integrations, analytics, and notification services.

Project Structure
The project is structured into several classes, each representing a specific component of the telehealth system. The main file, main.cpp, demonstrates the usage of these classes and their interactions. Here's a brief overview of the project structure:

main.cpp: Entry point of the program, demonstrating the usage of classes and methods.
User.cpp, Nurse.cpp, ...: Implementation files for each class.
CommunicationModule.h, NotificationService.h, ...: Header files for communication and notification-related modules.
Database.h, SecurityModule.h, ...: Header files for database and security-related modules.
Components
User Class:

Manages user attributes and methods for login, logout, and consultation requests.
Nurse Class:

Represents nurse entities with attributes and methods for checking availability and conducting consultations.
TelehealthSystem Class:

Orchestrates user and nurse interactions, schedules appointments, and maintains user and nurse lists.
CommunicationModule Class:

Handles communication protocols, initiating calls, and sending text messages.
NotificationService Class:

Manages sending notifications and setting reminders for appointments.
Database Class:

Provides methods for saving user, nurse, and appointment data.
SecurityModule Class:

Ensures secure data transactions through methods like data encryption and user authentication.
ExternalSystem Class:

Integrates with external systems such as Electronic Health Records (EHR) and billing systems.
AnalyticsModule Class:

Collects and analyzes data for performance metrics and system improvement.
Usage
To use this telehealth system implementation, follow these steps:

Clone the repository: git clone <repository_url>
Compile the program: g++ main.cpp -o telehealth_system
Run the executable: ./telehealth_system

Complier tool: CLion C++17

Difference between the architecture designs for both
candidate architecture styles and the rationales for your 
final selection:

Option 1 for Architecture: Layered Architecture
Layered Structure: The application is separated into logical sections for data storage, presentation, and business logic.
Communication: Most of the time, information is shared vertically between levels, such as from display to data storage to business logic.
Monolithic: Frequently connected with programs that have a single, closely tied component.
Scalability: Replicating the entire monolith is typically required for scaling, which could result in problems.

Option 2 for Architecture: Microservices
Decentralization: The program is separated into separate, loosely connected services that speak to each other using APIs.
Autonomy: By allowing for independent development, deployment, and scaling of each microservice, autonomy fosters agility.
Scalability: Facilitates the demand-driven, targeted scaling of particular services, hence optimizing resource use.
Technology Diversity: To promote flexibility, each microservice can be constructed utilizing a variety of technologies.

The choice between a layered or microservices architecture will rely on the particular requirements and objectives of your project, 
taking into account elements such as project size, team experience, scalability needs, and the required degree of flexibility and agility. 
It's also important to remember that, depending on the use case, hybrid approaches—which combine elements of both architectures 
may be effective. At the end, we determined that an Microservices​ would be better. 

Rationales for the Final Decision:
1. Project Complexity and Size: Layered Architecture: Fits smaller projects with easier specifications.
Microservices Architecture: Better suited for more extensive, intricate applications with a wide range of features.
2. Specifications for Scalability:
Layered Architecture: Usually scales the entire monolith, with few options for scalability.
Better scalability possibilities are offered by the microservices architecture, which allows for selective service scaling.
3. Development Team Specialization: Layered Architecture: This option is appropriate if the team has a greater 
background in conventional monolithic systems.
4. Flexibility and Agility:
Layered Architecture: Easy to use, but might not have the adaptability needed in quickly changing contexts.
Microservices Architecture: Provides more flexibility and agility for the independent evolution and scalability of components.
